All right, welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to enable users.
So users are going to be able to click on any of these images in order to delete that.
Okay.
Now, to do this, what we simply have to do is to wrap this list, view the user with a button.
So who I we need to alight and use control and dots and wrap with widgets.
And of course, as you know, we have a lot of button, we have the gesture detector and also we do
have the inkwell and some lots more.
So what we can just do, we can wrap this with an equal.
Ink.
Well, and of course, the inkwell has a property like the home tab.
Okay.
And now what we have to do is we need to update the UI because whenever a user tap on this, we want
to get rid of this image.
And since is going to be no, we then want to share the test.
Right.
You can see over here we said if the image list is not equal to no, then only we want to display the
images.
But if it is equal to no, we then want to show this test which says you have not picked any images
yet.
Right.
Okay.
And in order to update the UI, we have to use a property which is known as set state.
Said State, and you can see why.
What we simply did was to create a variable called image list and for the now we give it no value,
just an empty list.
Right.
And over here we created a variable called Pict images.
And this image is variable has access to all the images we are going to pick.
Right?
And over here we are set in state and calling the global variable called image list and giving it this
value called images.
Right.
Okay.
So we tend to state over here.
We can then say image.
Least.
Because all our images is in this rebel, right?
We can then say image.
This is equal to no.
I think I talk too much.
Okay.
Use control, hand save and let's check this out.
And now I'm going to click on this.
You can see you have not.
Pete and images.
Look, I'm just gonna look like I said.
We have to press the left click down, and now we can.
Okay, let's click down.
And now we can take multiple images.
And I think I choose the the horizontal shape this way.
Right.
And click on this.
Okay.
Seems good.
You have not picked any image for the list view.
I'm just going to get rid of this.
I prefer the vertical form.
Okay.
I think the vertical form is okay for me.
I'm just going to pick this one more time.
Okay.
Peak.
I think I prefer this.
Okay.
I'm just going to play.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.